Masking st (#4261)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/remote-management/source-templates/syslog.md

- **`sumo.datasource`**. Fixed value of **localfile**.

> - **`deployment.environment`**. User configured field at the time of collector installation. This identifies the environment where the host resides. For example: dev, prod, or qa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`deployment.environment`**. This is a user-configured field set at the time of collector installation. It identifies the environment where the host system resides, such as `dev`, `prod`, or `qa`.
```

		
### Step 2: Configure the source template
		
In this step, you will configure the yaml required for Syslog Collection. Below are the inputs required for configuration :
		
- **Name**. Name of the source template.
- **Description**. Description for the source template.

> - **Fields/Metadata**. You can provide any customer fields to be tagged with the data collected. By default sumo tags _sourceCategory with the value otel/syslog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fields/Metadata**. You can provide any customer fields to be tagged with the data collected. By default, sumo tags `_sourceCategory` with the value otel/syslog.
```

- **Protocol**. Select the protocol that your syslog-enabled devices are currently using to send syslog data, **UDP** or **TCP**. 
- **Port**. Enter the port number for agent to listen to. Make sure the devices are sending to the same port.

> **Processing Rules** -  You can add processing rules for logs collected. To learn more, refer to [Processing Rules](../processing-rules/index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Processing Rules**. You can add processing rules for logs collected. To learn more, refer to [Processing Rules](../processing-rules/index.md).
```
